######                                                                 README
This repository contains the function printf built by Sebastian Moreira and Juan Pablo Draper.

 In it you will find the Holberton.h file in wich will be defined several things needed for the function to work properly, such as the prototypes for the different auxiliar functions, and the structures needed for the proper function of printf
 
Also you will find all the auxiliar functions mentioned above, properly defined.

The choosers.c file contains the functions choose_pointers 1 and 2. They are the ones who defines the type of data that the function allocated within the struct used for the printf will recieve. This is of vital importance because this type of data will be used in the do-func function for the creation of the memory space purpose.the choose_pointers functions will recieve an integer within the range from 0 to 5, and will return, depending on that integer, a pointer to a type of data.

In the printf.c you will find all the structs and functions needed for the prinf to read the format-the text to print-, so when it reads that text, and finds the different placeholders, it will be able to decide what to do, and print the desired outcome. the first part of the printf.c will determine if there is some part of the format that needs to be interpretated and replaced with something else( aka change a placeholder for the desired argument). once that was done, it will work with a structure that contains different functions. Then, the placeholder will be compared with each char contained by that struct, and when the placeholder and the char of the struct are the same, it will return a function to do. As it was explained before, the struct also recieves an integer, for the purposes of the do_func function.

For the purpose of the above mentioned functionallity, whe used a function called cmpr, wich will compare the field of the struct cases (in wich contains all the auxiliar functions in it´s fields), and the text needed to intrepretate. this function is called within the get_case function, so, when the cmpr checks that those strings are the same, it will set a newly created struct, called out, wich as field, it will have a function, a type of data and an integer that will determine the amount of chars that are needed after the "%".

Once the printf knows what to do with the placeholder, and what kind of arguments has to print, it will procede to do so. it will print the formated text, with te transcripted placeholder with it´s respective value. To do so, it will check if the format is different than NULL. if NULL is the case, it will return a value of -1. If NULL is not the case, it will initialize the list of arguments recieved by the printf function. We used a flag system within our printf function, so as long as there is no "%" in the format, the flag will remain 0, and willl print the text as it travels through the format, char by char. If, while going through the format, the printf finds itself with a "%", the flags changes to 1, it will determine if it has to print a "%" or do the do_func function, setting the flag again to  0 in order to be used again if needed.
